Hard-coded locales (#15334)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/tutorials/github-issue-classification.md

[!code-csharp[CreatePredictionEngine](~/samples/machine-learning/tutorials/GitHubIssueClassification/Program.cs#CreatePredictionEngine)]

> The [PredictionEngine](xref:Microsoft.ML.PredictionEngine%602) is a convenience API, which allows you to perform a prediction on a single instance of data. [`PredictionEngine`](xref:Microsoft.ML.PredictionEngine%602) is not thread-safe. It's acceptable to use in single-threaded or prototype environments. For improved performance and thread safety in production environments, use the `PredictionEnginePool` service, which creates an [`ObjectPool`](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.ObjectPool%601) of [`PredictionEngine`](xref:Microsoft.ML.PredictionEngine%602) objects for use throughout your application. See this guide on how to [use `PredictionEnginePool` in an ASP.NET Core Web API](/dotnet/machine-learning/how-to-guides/serve-model-web-api-ml-net#register-predictionenginepool-for-use-in-the-application)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [PredictionEngine](xref:Microsoft.ML.PredictionEngine%602) is a convenience API, which allows you to perform a prediction on a single instance of data. [`PredictionEngine`](xref:Microsoft.ML.PredictionEngine%602) is not thread-safe. It's acceptable to use in single-threaded or prototype environments. For improved performance and thread safety in production environments, use the `PredictionEnginePool` service, which creates an [`ObjectPool`](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.ObjectPool.ObjectPool%601) of [`PredictionEngine`](xref:Microsoft.ML.PredictionEngine%602) objects for use throughout your application. See this guide on how to [use `PredictionEnginePool` in an ASP.NET Core Web API](../how-to-guides/serve-model-web-api-ml-net.md#register-predictionenginepool-for-use-in-the-application)
```
